# CS360
The app I developed was to store and track a goal and daily weights while being able to see all previously entered weights in a chart. This app was designed to address the need for a simple, intuitive, easy-to-use daily weight tracker without any unneccessary extras. The screens and features necessary to support user needs and produce a user-centered UI for the app were a login and account creation screen, a way to enter a goal weight, a way to enter a daily weight, and a mechanism to notify the user when they reached their goal weight. The design was clean, minimalist, and easy to read. It was successful because the app was easy to navigate without a menu or navigation bar, and could be easily interpreted by someone without a deep knowledge of tech. I approached the process of coding my app by starting with a wireframe of what my screens might look like and then writing a pseudocode scaffold of the backend logic, before going in and building it piece by piece, starting with the login page and the user database. I used a lot of google and asking my software developer roommate for advice and adjusted the answers I found to fit my needs. I have found that this strategy works well and I plan to continue to use it. To ensure the code was functional, I repeatedly ran the emulator and tested different parts of my app. By simulating the app itself, I could see what the program was doing in real time, especiall when I added error messages. This let me see when (and where) my code was breaking. Considering the full app design and development process from initial planning to finalization, I had to innovate for the SQLite databases. I wanted to connect the users to their goal weight and their weight entries, which was a different database, so I had to learn how to connect the two on the fly and figure out how that worked. I feel I was particularly successful demonstrating my knowledge, skills, and experience in creating code that dynamically adds a new TextView object of a weight entry to the display, updating the user's weight data chart in real time.
